[3]   Tommy crawled down from the window-seat and ran to the door. He opened it with a bang. The wind blew fiercely and snatched the newly recovered mail from Mrs. Pennington's hands and blew it even further into the house.

  "Oh my," she said again. Tommy ran outside and the door slammed shut.

  Outside, yellow, gold, and red leaves were leaping from swaying trees,
  landing on the roof, jumping off the roof, and then chasing one another down the street in tiny whirlwinds of merriment.



[?] "Not so fast," she said getting out of the car. "You are not allowed to play in there. Don't you see the smoke?"
git init
  Tommy watched the maple leaf blow against the wall and struggle to get over.  He ran over to get it but was unable to reach it.

  Mrs. Pennington walked over and took the leap.  She put it in her pocket.




[8] The maple leaf blew in front of him.  It was bright red with well-defined veins. The sun-light shone through it giving it a brilliance never before seen by a little boy's eyes.


[?]  The wind blew Tommy and the maple leaf along.  Tommy thought of his choices.  He wanted to continue to play.

"Okay," Tommy said, "I will go with you to the dump."

The winds shifted and Tommy and the leaf were blown in the direction of the city dump.

The old leaf didn't follow.  He was blown futher down the block and suddenly lifted up high in the air.


[?]  A maple leaf came close-by, touched him and moved ahead.  Tommy met him shortly, brushed against him, and moved further ahead.  They swirled around and around, hit cars and poles, flew up in the air and then down again.



David

"if the wind blows you in that direction," the old leaf said "you will end up in the city dump."
"I don't want that," Tommy said.
"If you are blown in that direction, you will fly high into the air andsee things that no leaf has seen before."
"Follow me to the city dump," the maple leaf said. "Most of my friends are there."


"Where do you think we are going?" Tommy asked the leaf.
"Does it matter?" the leaf resplied. "Have fun. Life is short."
"I beg to differ," an older leaf said suddenly coming beside them. "The journey may be short, but the end is the beginning."
Tommy pondered this the best a leaf could ponder.
"Where do we end up?"

"This is fun," Tommy thought.

